Updating description fields (#6852)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/models.md

---
title: "About dbt models"

> description: "Learn how to use models when building in dbt."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "About the dbt model's role in transforming your data."
```

> description: "About the dbt model's role in transforming your data."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Understand the role of dbt models transforming your data into analytics-ready datasets."
```
